hominid             humanoid
giant               giant
deity               deity
god                 deity
goddess             deity
monster             monster
hybrid animal       monster
plant species       plant
mythical animal     monster
lord being          deity
lord beings         deity
snake-like being    dragon
dragon              dragon
follower            nymph
followers           nymph
legendary creature  monster
humanoid            humanoid
bird                bird
goddesses           deity
gods                deity
nymph               nymph
nymphs              nymph
mermaid             nymph
merman              nymph
ghost               spirit
spirit              spirit
undead creature     undead
goblin              goblin
bull                monster
dog                 creature
dwarf               goblin
