patriot                soldier
innkeeper              merchant
king                   leader
monarch                leader
queen                  leader
writer                 writer
journalist             journalist
historian              historian
biographer             historian
composer               musician
serial killer          villain
prince                 leader
singer                 musician
songwriter             musician
producer               writer
actor                  actor
psychopath             villain
jurist                 scholar
scholar                scholar
artist                 artist
musician               musician
guitarist              musician
table tennis player    athlete
athlete                athlete
tennis player          athlete
coach                  athlete
baseman                athlete
president              leader
politician             leader
senator                leader
bookseller             merchant
publisher              merchant
dramatist              actor
poet                   writer
monk                   clergy
director               writer
mystic                 clergy
saint                  clergy
nun                    clergy
theologian             scholar
officer                soldier
chief                  soldier
commander              leader
naturalist             scientist
anthropologist         scientist
businessman            scholar
author                 writer
astrophysicist         scientist
physicist              scientist
intelligence analyst   scholar
sailor                 soldier
calligrapher           writer
lawyer                 scholar
columnist              journalist
actress                actor
illustrator            artist
broadcaster            journalist
disc jockey            musician
photographer           artist
filmmaker              artist
philosopher            scholar
physician              doctor
doctor                 doctor
nurse                  doctor
medic                  doctor
sculptor               artist
midwife                doctor
revolutionary          soldier
prophet                clergy
ceo                    leader
psychologist           scientist
criminal               villain
boxer                  soldier
emperor                leader
murderer               villain
sound engineer         musician
pitcher                athlete
medium                 clergy
violinist              musician
bandleader             musician
alien                  villain
railroader             merchant
missionary             clergy
archaeologist          scientist
critic                 journalist
race car driver        driver
racecar driver         driver
farmer                 farmer
scenographer           artist
librettist             writer
architect              engineer
martial artist         fighter
wrestler               fighter
designer               artist
entrepreneur           scholar
music conductor        musician
musical conductor      musician
radio dj               musician
