capital city            city
capital                 city
city                    city
state                   state
country house           estate
house                   estate
country                 country
republic                country
library                 library
skyscraper              tower
tower                   tower
district                district
county                  district
castle                  castle
estate                  estate
forest                  forest
woodland                forest
counties                district
colony                  district
town                    city
park                    park
neighborhood            district
island                  landform
hamlet                  district
local government area   district
local area              district
democracy               country
garden                  garden
empire                  country
territory               state
maison                  estate
metropolitan area       city
crater                  landform
impact structure        landform
bank                    bank
museum                  museum
canal                   river
enclave                 state
exclave                 state
